CLASSIFIED INFORMATION NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
An Agreement Between _________________ and the United States

(Standard Form 312, Revised 2013)
Source: U.S. General Services Administration, https://www.gsa.gov

1. Intending to be legally bound, I hereby accept the obligations contained
in this Agreement in consideration of my being granted access to classified
information. As used in this Agreement, classified information is marked or
unmarked classified information, including oral communications, that is
classified under the standards of Executive Order 12958, or under any other
Executive order or statute that prohibits the unauthorized disclosure of
information in the interest of national security; and unclassified
information that meets the standards for classification and is in the
process of a classification determination as provided in sections 1.1, 1.2,
1.3 and 1.4(e) of Executive Order 12958, or under any other Executive order
or statute that requires protection for such information in the interest of
national security.

2. I hereby acknowledge that I have received a security indoctrination
concerning the nature and protection of classified information, including
the procedures to be followed in ascertaining whether other persons to
whom I contemplate disclosing this information have been approved for
access to it, and that I understand these procedures.

3. I have been advised that the unauthorized disclosure, unauthorized
retention, or negligent handling of classified information by me could
cause damage or irreparable injury to the United States or could be used
to advantage by a foreign nation. I hereby agree that I will never divulge
classified information to anyone unless: (a) I have officially verified
that the recipient has been properly authorized by the United States
Government to receive it; or (b) I have been given prior written notice of
authorization from the United States Government Department or Agency
(hereinafter Department or Agency) responsible for the classification of
the information or last granting Department or Agency.

4. I have been advised that any unauthorized disclosure of classified
information by me may constitute a violation, or violations, of United
States criminal laws, including the provisions of Sections 641, 793, 794,
798, 952 and 1924, Title 18, United States Code; the provisions of Section
783(b), Title 50, United States Code; and the provisions of the Intelligence
Identities Protection Act of 1982. I recognize that nothing in this
Agreement constitutes a waiver by the United States of the right to
prosecute me for any statutory violation.

5. I hereby assign to the United States Government all royalties,
remunerations, and emoluments that have resulted, will result or may result
from any disclosure, publication, or revelation of classified information
not consistent with the terms of this Agreement.

6. I understand that the United States Government may seek any remedy
available to it to enforce this Agreement including, but not limited to,
application for a court order prohibiting disclosure of information in
breach of this Agreement.

7. I understand that all classified information to which I have access or
may obtain access by signing this Agreement is now and will remain the
property of, or under the control of the United States Government unless
and until otherwise determined by an authorized official or final ruling
of a court of law. I agree that I shall return all classified materials
which have, or may come into my possession or for which I am responsible
because of such access: (a) upon demand by an authorized representative
of the United States Government; (b) upon the conclusion of my employment
or other relationship with the Department or Agency that last granted me
access to classified information; or (c) upon the conclusion of my
employment or other relationship that requires access to classified
information.

8. Unless and until I am released in writing by an authorized representative
of the Department or Agency that last granted me access to classified
information, I understand that all conditions and obligations imposed upon
me by this Agreement apply during the time I am granted access to classified
information, and at all times thereafter.

9. Each provision of this Agreement is severable. If a court should find any
provision of this Agreement to be unenforceable, all other provisions of
this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

10. These restrictions are consistent with and do not supersede, conflict
with, or otherwise alter the employee obligations, rights, or liabilities
created by Executive Order 12958; Section 7211 of Title 5, United States
Code (governing disclosures to Congress); Section 1034 of Title 10, United
States Code, as amended by the Military Whistleblower Protection Act
(governing disclosure to Congress by members of the military); Section 2302
(b)(8) of Title 5, United States Code, as amended by the Whistleblower
Protection Act (governing disclosures of combatant commands in the same manner).

11. I have read this Agreement carefully and my questions, if any, have been
answered. I acknowledge that the briefing officer has made available to me
the Executive order and statutes referenced in this Agreement and its
implementing regulation (32 CFR Section 2003.20) so that I may read them
at this time, if I so choose.
